false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
true,  true, false, false, false, false, true, T[8] = T[9] = T[14] = s - 1
d = 1, e = 2, s = 1
w = 7, n = 9, m = 3
true, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
true, true, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, true, true, false, false, false, 
false, true, true, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, true, true, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, true, true, true, 
false, false, false, false, true, true, true, 

true, true, true, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false,
false, false, true, true, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, true, true, true, true, 
true, true, false, false, true, true, true, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 

false, false, false, true, true, true, true, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, true, true, true, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, true, true, false, 
false, false, false, false, true, true, true, 
true, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
true, true, true, true, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 

false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, true, true, true, true, false, 
false, false, false, false, true, true, true, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, true,
 true, true, false, false, false, false, false, 
 false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
 false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
 false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
 true, true, true, true, false, false, false